Barbara after eight years out
dear country cristina face the incredible challenge lydia azzopardi grace
I used to sing for you streets but left many who headed the first
word that what is as a player and grateful for that applause
a new greeting
some more photography
and the new midfielder
the champion of league and of europe will go towards the user to put
now her clothes and will face the press conference and this is the image who more
applauded people the one of cesc that santo and the barcelona the standard-bearer what is of the
bar although it has also beaten an acv
of respect towards the national as a thank you abalo that we commented
before the arsenal and has trained as a player and I know everything if you are champion of
Europe
and the world with Spain is thanks to his face in the arsenal for not
we are now seeing what has happened throughout the day
this is the arrival
of cesc fabregas facilities
the way out of the car when he was going to make the signature of the
contract
anybody when it came in for fra medical review a first part
the hospital in barcelona made part of the facilities of the
football club barcelona in the center mike who the club of the separations of
camp nou and thickened medical that has gone smoothly has not had to what
throughout his sports career no serious injury and therefore no
I had intuited that I had problems for devices to the east.
the player well it is true that he has no rhythm of competition for him as
you said axel a player or a single game throughout the preseason
but he has even trained solo and on occasion with the group i and in
form must be
although we are going to see man I think that the PSOE is going to be soon to see it in
the
in
the titular team of the barsa will not have to understand what to spend maybe I still
that it really takes the tone but good knowing him it sure has
done everything possible to not have formed even though he has not trained with the rest of
fellow practitioner sure there is work so that when the
moment when I had to start playing
I had ready is not to be ultra competitive live for football play
the party that had possible figure so I have no doubt that their
physical condition is excellent moment a couple of details the first not
there is no ambient sound in this video, not because it is a mistake of goal
television but because it is not allowed to pick up ambient sound nuncio
medical because you could was getting some kind of confidential data and
therefore hence these images or have any kind of sony the
another data comment is that after all this paraphernalia nothing after
of the presentation the press detainee before the media
Communication 6 is going to be available today at seven o'clock in the afternoon
of them is guardiola and sara elder training with his companions
potosí guardiola what looks and timely to be in the lap of the supercopa a
be no I do not know how much that is the most recommended you are playing a
Title
I have tried and the opportunity to but has practically entered with the template
and that on that flight I'll have decided guardiola de guardiola to
starting today you will see how it is
i one from now on as I say then decision absolutely from your new
coach there is the greeting of president sandro rosell after
those negotiations
it is not only pure but long the soap opera of escaped from the fc
barcelona-seville the last three seasons
patrick makes him thoroughly the managers of for saab mainly 15 maria
bartomeu the vice president with omic or by the way he the man who is side
by andoni zubizarreta interview retis spies and hard or to captain these
negotiations because it has not been easy to convince convince the arsenal and
that has captained them for very well why I think it should be fabregas for
a price well below what the arsenal expected in principle
the arsenal
in principle he did not accept to negotiate for less than 50 million
for the final price
million lower than this market price